Products of spaces with countable $k$-network (#1550)
pi-base/data: properties/P000183.md

    name: $\aleph_0$-spaces (E. Michael)
  - doi: 10.1016/j.topol.2015.05.085
    name: $\mathfrak P$-spaces and related concepts (Gabriyelyan & Kakol)
  - mo: 495213

>     name: Product of spaces with countable $k$-networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
not needed after change in meta-props

  - mo: 506308
    name: Answer to "Product of spaces with countable $k$-networks"
---

A space with a (finite or infinite) countable $k$-network.

Equivalently:
1. A space with countable pseudobase.
2. A space with countable $cs$-network.

> 3. A space with countable $cs^\ast$-network.

Reviewer: Question: we usually use bullets.  Do you think a numbered list is better?

Reviewer: I thought bullets would be better because the first characterization at the top ($k$-network) should really be number 1, but it's not part of that list.  By using bullets, we keep all conditions more one an equal footing.

A family $\mathcal{N}$ of subsets of $X$ is called a *pseudobase* if for every compact set $K$ and open set $U$ in $X$ with $K\subseteq U$, there exists some $A\in\mathcal{N}$ with $K \subseteq A \subseteq U$.

A family $\mathcal{N}$ of subsets of $X$ is called a *$cs$-network* if for every sequence $x_n$ convergent to $x$ and open set $U$ in $X$ with $x\in U$, there exists some $A\in\mathcal{N}$ with $x_n\in A$ for all but finitely many $n$.

A family $\mathcal{N}$ of subsets of $X$ is called a *$cs^\ast$-network* if for every sequence $x_n$ convergent to $x$ and open set $U$ in $X$ with $x\in U$, there exists some $A\in\mathcal{N}$ with $x_n\in A$ for infinitely many $n$.

To see the equivalence, first note that a pseudobase is a $k$-network, a $k$-network is a $cs$-network and a $cs$-network is a $cs^\ast$-network. In {{mo:506308}} it is shown that if $X$ has countable $cs^\ast$-network, then it has a countable $k$-network. Then finite unions of elements of that $k$-network form a countable pseudobase.

See {{mr:206907}}, available at <https://www.jstor.org/stable/24901448>.

---
### Meta-properties

> - This property is preserved by countable products. (see {{mo:495213}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This property is preserved by countable products (see Corollary in {{mo:506308}}).
```
